APP_URL env var for laravel (#1129)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/languages/php/2000-01-01-laravel.md

scalingo env-set APP_KEY=$(php artisan --no-ansi key:generate --show)
```

Then, you will need to set the `APP_URL` environment variable to your main domain

> (for instance, https://yourapp.osc-fr1.scalingo.io), otherwise you may end up

Reviewer: We used `my-app` as example name in all the documentation.

```suggestion
(for instance, https://my-app.osc-fr1.scalingo.io), otherwise you may end up
```

with 404 errors.

```bash

> scalingo env-set APP_URL=https://yourapp.osc-fr1.scalingo.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scalingo env-set APP_URL=https://my-app.osc-fr1.scalingo.io
```
